R"(Hey guys, did you know that in terms of human companionship, Flareon is objectively the most huggable Pokemon? While their maximum temperature is likely too much for most, they are capable of controlling it, so they can set themselves to the perfect temperature for you. Along with that, they have a lot of fluff, making them undeniably incredibly soft to touch. But that's not all, they have a very respectable special defense stat of 110, which means that they are likely very calm and resistant to emotional damage. Because of this, if you have a bad day, you can vent to it while hugging it, and it won't mind. It can make itself even more endearing with moves like Charm and Baby Doll Eyes, ensuring that you never have a prolonged bout of depression ever again.
#I hope this cargo hold full of Subs fetches a good price.
#Ocean man, take me by the hand, lead me to the land that you understand
#I'm Edison Trent and this is my favourite shop in the Sirius Sector.
#The missile knows where it is at all times. It knows this because it knows where it isn't. By subtracting where it is from where it isn't, or where it isn't from where it is (whichever is greater), it obtains a difference, or deviation. The guidance subsystem uses deviations to generate corrective commands to drive the missile from a position where it is to a position where it isn't, and arriving at a position where it wasn't, it now is. Consequently, the position where it is, is now the position that it wasn't, and it follows that the position that it was, is now the position that it isn't. In the event that the position that it is in is not the position that it wasn't, the system has acquired a variation, the variation being the difference between where the missile is, and where it wasn't. If variation is considered to be a significant factor, it too may be corrected by the GEA. However, the missile must also know where it was. The missile guidance computer scenario works as follows. Because a variation has modified some of the information the missile has obtained, it is not sure just where it is. However, it is sure where it isn't, within reason, and it knows where it was. It now subtracts where it should be from where it wasn't, or vice-versa, and by differentiating this from the algebraic sum of where it shouldn't be, and where it was, it is able to obtain the deviation and its variation, which is called error.
#My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through." I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this mod gave me cancer anyway.
#Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis The Wise? I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midichlorians to create life… He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying. The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural. He became so powerful… the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. Ironic. He could save others from death, but not himself.
#What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you Freelancer? I'll have you know I graduated top of my class in the L S F, and I've been involved in numerous secret raids on The Order, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in nebula warfare and I'm the top dogfighter in the entire Liberty armed forces. You are nothing to me but just another target. I will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before in Sirius, mark my fucking words. You think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the NeuralNet? Think again, fucker. As we speak I am contacting my secret network of spies across Liberty and your Neurel Net Address is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm, maggot. I'll use what left of you to greese my ship, kiddo.
#Unfortunate doesn't begin to describe my series, this game rewards blind luck and nothing else, I am beyond convinced at this point. After getting completely tooled by scheduling with my opponent changing times on me last minute and refusing to provide confirmation prior to the day of the match as to play times, losing this way somehow felt even worse than I had thought possible. My preparation was superior, my play was superior, and I lost, so I don't see a reason to continue engaging in an activity where what is within my control is overwhelmingly outweighed by what is not.
#I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating and it gets everywhere.
#MY BELLY IS HUGE. MY BRAIN HAS DELAY. YOU GUESSED IT RIGHT. I'M FROM NA.
#I like to creep around my home and act like a goblin. I don't know why but I just enjoy doing this. Maybe it's my way of dealing with stress or something but I just do it about once every week. Generally I'll carry around a sack and creep around in a sort of crouch-walking position making goblin noises, then I'll walk around my house and pick up various different “trinkets” and put them in my bag while saying stuff like “I'll be having that” and laughing maniacally in my goblin voice (trinkets can include anything from shit I find on the ground to cutlery or other utensils). The other day I was talking with my neighbours and they mentioned hearing weird noises like what I wrote about and I was just internally screaming the entire conversation. I'm 99% sure they don't know it's me but god that 1% chance is seriously weighing on my mind.
#How do I get my husband to stop going 'Goblin Mode' during sex? T L D R My husband says 'Goblin Mode activated' when we start to have sex, growls and acts like a caveman, and then says 'Goblin Mode off' when we stop, and then pretends not to remember afterward. I really love my husband and he's always been great in bed. But recently he's been acting really weird. So, a couple of days ago, my son went on a rampage through our house and said he was in ‘Goblin Mode'. We didn't really know what to do with him, so we sent him to live with my parents so he can go to a special needs school. My husband a really great relationship with our son and loved him more than anything. Naturally, he was upset when he had to leave. He's an incredibly tough man, but this was the first time I've ever seen him cry. I think since then, he's been a little emotionally unwell. I've heard him muttering, ‘Goblin' repeatedly when he didn't notice me, staring blankly into his food, and just going alone by himself to do who knows what. I feel awful for him, but we both agreed that this was for the best. Last night, the day after our son went away, we decided to have sex to relieve our stress. However, my husband said ‘Goblin Mode activated', starting growling, and went wild having sex with me. Admittedly, it was some of the best and most experimental sex I've ever had, but I'm worried that something might be going on with my husband. Any advice? Edit: The problem isn't the 'Goblin Mode', it's that he could be ill
#Here's the thing. You said a "jackdaw is a crow." Is it in the same family? Yes. No one's arguing that. As someone who is a scientist who studies crows, I am telling you, specifically, in science, no one calls jackdaws crows. If you want to be "specific" like you said, then you shouldn't either. They're not the same thing. If you're saying "crow family" you're referring to the taxonomic grouping of Corvidae, which includes things from nutcrackers to blue jays to ravens. So your reasoning for calling a jackdaw a crow is because random people "call the black ones crows?" Let's get grackles and blackbirds in there, then, too. Also, calling someone a human or an ape? It's not one or the other, that's not how taxonomy works. They're both. A jackdaw is a jackdaw and a member of the crow family. But that's not what you said. You said a jackdaw is a crow, which is not true unless you're okay with calling all members of the crow family crows, which means you'd call blue jays, ravens, and other birds crows, too. Which you said you don't. It's okay to just admit you're wrong, you know?
)"